Hey Blake, could you introduce yourself
and quickly share what you and your
company does?
>> I am attorney Blake Harris. I'm the
managing partner at the world's largest
exclusively offshore asset protection
law firm. We help clients protect their
money from lawsuits using offshore
structures.
>> Cool, man. And could you please share
what SEO and and ranking on Google
looked like before you partnered with us
at Breaking B2B? Well, we had been
working for quite a while on improving
our ranking with SEO. So, I would say
that we did have a starting point that
we were coming from. We I don't know if
I'd say a running head start, but at
least a walking head start. And it was
getting some traction. So, we didn't
come to Sam uh as an infant, but maybe
as an adolescent. What what would you
say were perhaps some of the challenges
or issues that you were facing kind of
back just before we we partnered up on
on the SEO?
>> Well, we just thought that there was
given the amount of spin we were putting
out potentially better results we should
be seeing in faster results and a firm
that really understood my law firm super
niche focused. We're not a broadbased
law firm. Most people looking for an
attorney. We don't want them calling us.
We just want a very small portion of
that of of of them calling us.
>> Was there any hesitations that you folks
had before you partnered up with us?
>> You know, you came well recommended from
somebody who I had a lot of trust in.
So, it was a pretty smooth handoff from
that recommendation to work with you and
your team made it very easy to onboard.
you have been very fair on your prices,
responsive generally and uh No, there
wasn't a lot of hesitation.
>> No, I appreciate that. And was there any
any specifics that kind of made you
decide to partner with us opposed to
another team?
>> Coming recommended by the right person.
You've done a good job before and
someone is willing to speak up and say
that's someone I someone someone I
someone I trust and your team did
nothing to make me think the
recommendation was wrong. How would you
say results with SEO have changed since
we partnered up?
>> We've had quite a few big wins. I think
just earlier this week I was got an
email that we're now number one for
several of the terms that we want to be
number one for, including, let's see,
what were these ter terms? Best asset
protection law firm, which is well
suited. Asset protection law firm.
Great. Best asset protection attorney. I
mean, these are great things to wake up
and see that we're ranking number one
for.
>> Based upon those results that you've
seen so far, where do you see things
going maybe in the next 6 to 12 months?
>> Where do I see things going in the next
6 to 12 months? I hope we're going to
get a lot busier. My team has been
growing quite a bit over the last year.
I think that we're going to see more
good results coming in.
>> Good stuff. And would you say that the
work that we've been doing in terms of
the SEO, building out the strategy,
helping with the content, the link
building, the brand mentions, and all
the other parts of the strategy, has
that impacted the the organic lead flow
that you and your team have seen?
>> I think absolutely.
>> If you had to pick, would you say
there's there's a specific part of our
offering that's been the most valuable
to yourself?
>> You do what you're supposed to do. You
do it well. You do it right. You do it
on time. And I don't have just simply
put, you do your job. You do what you
say you're supposed to do. I don't need
uh bells and whistles. Um I mean I guess
if I was asking them maybe you could
supply someone. We want somebody who's
reliable, fair fair price. We have a
good business. We do some marketing. We
do some other marketing on our own and
this compliments it and fits and fits
well with the overall picture.
>> Appreciate it, Blake. And is is there
any final points that you'd share if
anyone's I guess listening or watching
to this and maybe is on the fence about
working with us? Is there anything you'd
share with them? Marketing is a big part
of what my law firm does. We worked with
other marketing providers before and uh
we have not one complaint about Sam.
Looking forward to seeing a lot more
wins that will come as we develop this
relationship more as we spend more time
together. So if you're looking for
someone to help with your SEO, to help
with your site, to not bring any burden,
extra headache to your business,
definitely consider giving Sam a call.
>> Thanks, man. And we will we'll link to
Blake's site, Blake Harris Law, just
below. So if you want to check out Blake
and his team, all the info will be
below. Thanks again for the time, Blake.
>> Thank you, Sam. Have a good one.
Anytime.